Expand Difficulty Increase mod articles (#12629)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Fade_In_(lazer)/en.md

*For the osu!stable version of this article, see: [Fade In (mod)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Fade_In)*\
*For the full list of all [lazer](/wiki/Client/Release_stream/Lazer) mods, see: [Game modifier (lazer)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier_(lazer))*

> The **Fade In** mod causes notes to be invisible from above, then to gradually appear the closer they get from the bottom. At first, the fading size only covers about 20% of the playfield, but the more combo you build, the later the notes appear. It reaches its limit at 500x combo covering 70% of the playfield.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Fade In** mod makes notes initially invisible as they enter from above, gradually revealing them as they approach the bottom of the playfield. The fade effect initially covers about 20% of the playfield, but expands as the combo increases. At 500x combo, the fade effect reaches its maximum, covering 70% of the playfield and making notes appear much later.
```
